README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Weather app solution

This is a solution to the [Weather app challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/weather-app-K1FhddVm49). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

**Note: Delete this note and update the table of contents based on what sections you keep.**

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- Search for weather information by entering a location in the search bar
- View current weather conditions including temperature, weather icon, and location details
- See additional weather metrics like "feels like" temperature, humidity percentage, wind speed, and precipitation amounts
- Browse a 7-day weather forecast with daily high/low temperatures and weather icons
- View an hourly forecast showing temperature changes throughout the day
- Switch between different days of the week using the day selector in the hourly forecast section
- Toggle between Imperial and Metric measurement units via the units dropdown 
- Switch between specific temperature units (Celsius and Fahrenheit) and measurement units for wind speed (km/h and mph) and precipitation (millimeters) via the units dropdown
- View the optimal layout for the interface depending on their device's screen size
- See hover and focus states for all interactive elements on the page

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)

Add a screenshot of your solution. The easiest way to do this is to use Firefox to view your project, right-click the page and select "Take a Screenshot". You can choose either a full-height screenshot or a cropped one based on how long the page is. If it's very long, it might be best to crop it.

Alternatively, you can use a tool like [FireShot](https://getfireshot.com/) to take the screenshot. FireShot has a free option, so you don't need to purchase it. 

Then crop/optimize/edit your image however you like, add it to your project, and update the file path in the image above.

**Note: Delete this note and the paragraphs above when you add your screenshot. If you prefer not to add a screenshot, feel free to remove this entire section.**

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process
- 9/10/2025: I began getting a basic skeleton for the project started. Began with my project structure, contexts and some basic styling. Have the header created, just a placeholder button for now, will add dropdown later on. Basic search bar created, it updates a state but does not call the API yet with the search query. Have a basic API call started so I have some data to work with and help model.
- 9/11/2025: I added storybook earlier, not sure what I'm doing with it yet but it would be cool to learn for this project and help test and document my components.
Todo for today:
    - Finish setting up my components, I have the basic layout of the home page made, no responsiveness yet though. 
    - Get working data to all components and display some numbers. 
    - Implement the search to call the API


### Built with

- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) - CSS Framework

**Note: These are just examples. Delete this note and replace the list above with your own choices**

### What I learned

Use this section to recap over some of your major learnings while working through this project. Writing these out and providing code samples of areas you want to highlight is a great way to reinforce your own knowledge.

To see how you can add code snippets, see below:

```html
<h1>Some HTML code I'm proud of</h1>
```
```css
.proud-of-this-css {
  color: papayawhip;
}
```
```js
const proudOfThisFunc = () => {
  console.log('🎉')
}
```

If you want more help with writing markdown, we'd recommend checking out [The Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/) to learn more.

**Note: Delete this note and the content within this section and replace with your own learnings.**

### Continued development

Use this section to outline areas that you want to continue focusing on in future projects. These could be concepts you're still not completely comfortable with or techniques you found useful that you want to refine and perfect.

**Note: Delete this note and the content within this section and replace with your own plans for continued development.**

### Useful resources

- [Example resource 1](https://www.example.com) - This helped me for XYZ reason. I really liked this pattern and will use it going forward.
- [Example resource 2](https://www.example.com) - This is an amazing article which helped me finally understand XYZ. I'd recommend it to anyone still learning this concept.

**Note: Delete this note and replace the list above with resources that helped you during the challenge. These could come in handy for anyone viewing your solution or for yourself when you look back on this project in the future.**

## Author

- Website - [Add your name here](https://www.your-site.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@yourusername](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/yourusername)
- Twitter - [@yourusername](https://www.twitter.com/yourusername)

**Note: Delete this note and add/remove/edit lines above based on what links you'd like to share.**

## Acknowledgments

This is where you can give a hat tip to anyone who helped you out on this project. Perhaps you worked in a team or got some inspiration from someone else's solution. This is the perfect place to give them some credit.

**Note: Delete this note and edit this section's content as necessary. If you completed this challenge by yourself, feel free to delete this section entirely.**

Commit message:

Added search functionality. After you enter a search term, after the input is debounced (500ms) the geolocation API is called to retrieve a list of locations. After you click a dropdown item with the specific location that you want, the data is then updated.

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Weather app solution

This is a solution to the [Weather app challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/weather-app-K1FhddVm49). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

**Note: Delete this note and update the table of contents based on what sections you keep.**

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- Search for weather information by entering a location in the search bar
- View current weather conditions including temperature, weather icon, and location details
- See additional weather metrics like "feels like" temperature, humidity percentage, wind speed, and precipitation amounts
- Browse a 7-day weather forecast with daily high/low temperatures and weather icons
- View an hourly forecast showing temperature changes throughout the day
- Switch between different days of the week using the day selector in the hourly forecast section
- Toggle between Imperial and Metric measurement units via the units dropdown 
- Switch between specific temperature units (Celsius and Fahrenheit) and measurement units for wind speed (km/h and mph) and precipitation (millimeters) via the units dropdown
- View the optimal layout for the interface depending on their device's screen size
- See hover and focus states for all interactive elements on the page

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)

Add a screenshot of your solution. The easiest way to do this is to use Firefox to view your project, right-click the page and select "Take a Screenshot". You can choose either a full-height screenshot or a cropped one based on how long the page is. If it's very long, it might be best to crop it.

Alternatively, you can use a tool like [FireShot](https://getfireshot.com/) to take the screenshot. FireShot has a free option, so you don't need to purchase it. 

Then crop/optimize/edit your image however you like, add it to your project, and update the file path in the image above.

**Note: Delete this note and the paragraphs above when you add your screenshot. If you prefer not to add a screenshot, feel free to remove this entire section.**

### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process
- 9/10/2025: I began getting a basic skeleton for the project started. Began with my project structure, contexts and some basic styling. Have the header created, just a placeholder button for now, will add dropdown later on. Basic search bar created, it updates a state but does not call the API yet with the search query. Have a basic API call started so I have some data to work with and help model.
- 9/11/2025: I added storybook earlier, not sure what I'm doing with it yet but it would be cool to learn for this project and help test and document my components.
Todo for today:
    - Finish setting up my components, I have the basic layout of the home page made, no responsiveness yet though. 
    - Get working data to all components and display some numbers. 
    - Implement the search to call the API
- 9/12/2025: Didn't get to everything I wanted to yesterday. Finished up the display and components, now I need to make them functional and work on getting data to every component. Today's plan is as follows:
  - Get data to all components
  - Implement search to call API


### Built with

- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) - CSS Framework

**Note: These are just examples. Delete this note and replace the list above with your own choices**

### What I learned

Use this section to recap over some of your major learnings while working through this project. Writing these out and providing code samples of areas you want to highlight is a great way to reinforce your own knowledge.

To see how you can add code snippets, see below:

```html
<h1>Some HTML code I'm proud of</h1>
```
```css
.proud-of-this-css {
  color: papayawhip;
}
```
```js
const proudOfThisFunc = () => {
  console.log('🎉')
}
```

If you want more help with writing markdown, we'd recommend checking out [The Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/) to learn more.

**Note: Delete this note and the content within this section and replace with your own learnings.**

### Continued development

Use this section to outline areas that you want to continue focusing on in future projects. These could be concepts you're still not completely comfortable with or techniques you found useful that you want to refine and perfect.

**Note: Delete this note and the content within this section and replace with your own plans for continued development.**

### Useful resources

- [Example resource 1](https://www.example.com) - This helped me for XYZ reason. I really liked this pattern and will use it going forward.
- [Example resource 2](https://www.example.com) - This is an amazing article which helped me finally understand XYZ. I'd recommend it to anyone still learning this concept.

**Note: Delete this note and replace the list above with resources that helped you during the challenge. These could come in handy for anyone viewing your solution or for yourself when you look back on this project in the future.**

## Author

- Website - [Add your name here](https://www.your-site.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [@yourusername](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/yourusername)
- Twitter - [@yourusername](https://www.twitter.com/yourusername)

**Note: Delete this note and add/remove/edit lines above based on what links you'd like to share.**

## Acknowledgments

This is where you can give a hat tip to anyone who helped you out on this project. Perhaps you worked in a team or got some inspiration from someone else's solution. This is the perfect place to give them some credit.

**Note: Delete this note and edit this section's content as necessary. If you completed this challenge by yourself, feel free to delete this section entirely.**
